* MTV *
So. she stated
she doesn't speak Spanish.
In her initial interview.
She stated that she had
no knowledge about her uncle
and that her parents only
encouraged her to speak English.
But she does speak Spanish
and she is aware of the uncle.
even though
she stated otherwise.
-That is correct.
-Wow.
Well. that is
a staggering discovery. Joe.
You know. what did you
expect her to say
when you cornered her
in some CO's office in Iraq
and started pounding her
with questions about her family?
She's an Army officer. Byron.
I expect her
-to fucking tell the truth.
-While you headhunt
for her uncle and use her father
for the introduction--
She doesn't need an
introduction. That's the point.
Tone and volume. Joe.
Find different levels
for both. please.
- Sure.
- When her father
makes the intro
and the Lioness is discovered.
and she will be discovered
in some capacity.
her father is dead.
her mother is dead.
Any siblings she might have.
they'll also be killed.
And you find it odd
that she'd be resistant
to such an endeavor?
I find it troublesome. yes.
LET ME ASK YOU THIS:
did she volunteer
or did you coerce her?
That isn't
an either-or question.
Oh. it is absolutely
Either she volunteered
-or you coerced her. Which one--
-She volunteered.
With some coercion.
Okay. now we're
getting somewhere.
I didn't choose her.
This was chosen for me
by eight different agencies
all playing head chief.
Why don't we treat her
as a double agent.
put an operator on her
who will act as a shadow.
goes where she goes.
knows what she knows?
At least we have
some measure of control
if she flips.
How does that give us control
if she flips?
If the operator is close.
at least we protect the program.
How is that different
from a drone strike?
Right. it's just
a smaller projectile. right?
Let's not forget
the overriding objective here.
I never forget the objective.
It's the people under round
roofs who lose sight of success
the minute they order
a fucking op
and then they shift focus
to covering their asses
if it fails.
Let's talk about failure
for a second. Joe.
All right. these aren't
some Houthi rebels
operating out of caves in Yemen.
These are leaders
of a trillion-dollar industry
with an intelligence
and paramilitary arm
operating and controlling
whole neighborhoods
in every major city in America.
Someone exposing our program
exposes our officers.
their families.
Your family.
Should she turn.
and I hope she doesn't.
the moment she makes that
decision needs to be the last.
- Understood.
- This isn't some
25-year-old blind patriot
who you just wind up and point.
This is an experienced officer
trained as a freethinker.
used to being in command.
So be careful.
Be careful of taking that
away from her.
or you'll manifest
the very thing
that concerns you.
Got it.
Now. if you'll excuse me.
I'm gonna go look
for a 25-year-old blind patriot
that I can wind up
and point directly at her.
* ominous music *
***
* dramatic. haunting music *
Where are you?
Coordinating
our eyes in the sky.
Where are you?
I just left the office.
We got to find a handler
for our pilot.
Well. you got six on your team
to choose from. so--
I'm not putting my team
in that situation.
I need a shadow.
You know what I mean?
-That's not very nice.
-Neither was lying to us.
I'm not getting burned on some
fucking dirt runway in Jalisco.
Yeah. I can think
of better ways to go.
You got to be
fucking kidding me.
* tense music *
***
I'm sharing my location.
I got it. What's up?
I haven't shared it yet.
There's a tracker
in the firewall.
You son of a bitch.
We're on the same team. Joe.
Just looking out
if something happens.
Yeah. well. something happened.
-I got a tail.
-Really?
-No. I'm making it up.
-All right. you got a plate?
Give me a minute.
November.
kilo. Romeo.
-6-1-5-niner.
-Run a plate.
Virginia November. kilo. Romeo.
6-1-5-niner.
2019 Lincoln Navigator
registered to a Randall Newman.
Newman was convicted
of money laundering in 2021.
pled down to 18 months
with a suspended sentence.
There's a TSC file.
Want me to look at it?
Fucking A. Yeah.
Let's look at it.
What do you got?
This clown's hugging me now.
Well. it's getting
real interesting.
I'm about five minutes out.
Let me know
when you have eyes on him.
I'm gonna take
this fucking prick for a ride.
Made an immunity deal
with U.S. Attorneys' Office.
In WitPro.
Got him in Cave Creek. Arizona.
All right. real careful. Joe.
This fucker's got a badge.
With who?
Case was presented by DEA.
Take a guess.
I got you up ahead.
Okay. I'm exiting now.
We'll get him
on the access road.
All right. clown's armed.
so don't rush the vehicle.
Let's do this
like traffic cops. all right?
* pulsing. exciting music *
***
All right. I got you.
I'm on your six.
Okay. you want to clue me in
on the plan here?
I'm gonna put this fucker
in a bar ditch.
Yeah. or we could go
with the plan that doesn't
-put us on the news.
-All right.
-We box him.
-Fine.
Hands on the fucking
steering wheel.
It's my first day
on the job. asshole?
Hands on the fucking
steering wheel.
Well. Special Agent Gutierrez.
you have some fucking
explaining to do.
I got explaining to do?
What the fuck is the CIA doing
wandering all over the border
like it's fucking Syria?
You have drones
buzzing around like hornets.
you have strike teams
taking over airplane hangars
on a decommissioned runway?
Why don't you take an ad out
in a fucking newspaper?
Only thing
you didn't bother doing
is telling us you're there.
Or why.
So. what. so you start tailing
a senior case officer?
Who gave you that order. huh?
And you'd better hope
it was some senior fucking agent
and not some bagman in Juárez.
Order came from DOJ.
How's that for fucking senior?
You want to get that gun
out of my fucking neck?
Yeah. real. real. real
low profile. guys.
Thought you're supposed to be
a covert organization.
Surprised you didn't show up
with the Army's
fucking marching band.
Whatever it is you think
you're doing on the border.
you'd better
fill me the fuck in.
Maybe we don't want
the world to know.
World already knows.
Believe me. if we know.
cartels sure as fuck know.
You think you have satellites?
One call to Beijing.
and there's a camera on you
everywhere you fucking go.
We're supposed to be
on the same fucking team.
In my business.
we don't put surveillance
on our teammates.
You think this is surveillance?
Following you two cars back?
This is cover. honey.
You're not dealing with some
pedophile zealots who live
in the desert who think
they're gonna get
a roomful of virgins
when they blow themselves up.
These fucking monsters
control an entire continent
and the top third
of another one.
They'll just show up
to a fucking sheriff's house
with a million in cash.
and he has a choice.
Take the money.
or watch them impale
his nine-year-old on a rake.
hang his wife
from a fucking bridge.
They're in every
major city in America.
they've infiltrated
every state
and federal agency we have.
Hey. hey.
You think they kidnapped that
congresswoman for no reason?
They kidnapped her
because she said no.
That's who you're fucking with.
You think you can
do this on your own?
Best of luck.
Change the locks
on your fucking house.
Not that it'll make
a fucking difference.
And one more thing.
Once I swap out
this fucking car.
I'm gonna keep following you.
so when they
snatch you from the street
like fucking luggage...
...we'll have a puncher's chance
of getting to you
before they torture
every secret we got out of you.
-Is that right?
-Or better yet.
you can clue me in.
I've been doing this
for 20 fucking years.
I am the file
you can't check out
of a library.
We're wheels up out of Simmons
at 0600.
That's. uh. 6 a.m.. amigo.
I know what the fuck that means.
Where?
I don't know you
to tell you where.
By the time
you get on that fucking plane.
we're gonna know
everything about you.
So think about that
before you fucking show up.
* suspenseful music *
***
* See the curtains
hangin' in the window *
* In the evening
on a Friday night *
* A little light a-shining
through the window *
* Lets me know
everything's all right... *
This isn't acute. Neal.
- This is infested.
- I said complete.
That's why we're removing it.
Jesus. Thought you said
you had her on chemo.
Six rounds.
Well. it didn't work.
I can see that.
Imaging was clear.
We're wasting an organ.
-We're wasting an organ. Neal.
-I heard you.
HR 48. BP 92/41.
Suction.
Is there another
candidate in this hospital?
There's one in Georgetown.
Call the attending.
Get the patient prepped
and send it.
What are we doing here. Neal?
Leukocytes were down.
imaging was clear.
Pulmonary tumors
must have blocked this.
Am I closing this girl up?
She's crashing. BP 64/22.
HR 28. Bradycardia is severe.
What are we doing?
- What's the point?
- Did you see a DNR
on her fucking chart?
Turn FIO2 to 100.
Amiodarone at 300 milligrams.
HR zero. Patient is PEA.
Intracardiac paddles.
Clear.
Come on.
Clear!
Neal.
So. I guess we're calling it?
Neal!
You need to have a long talk
with that radiologist
'cause that was some bush league
bullshit in there.
and I don't like
walking into an ambush.
Go fuck yourself. Steve.
* emotional music *
***
Up six. right four.
Confirm hit on target?
Hit confirmed.
* quiet. dramatic music *
***
What'd you want me to do.
wait on the porch?
How was Africa?
A real fucking mess.
So I hear.
I'd offer you
something to drink.
but that would indicate
I want you to stay.
I know you don't want me stay.
And yet...
Here I am.
I assume
you know about
the congresswoman.
My team was up
for the extraction.
but ground detachment got it.
Saw it on the news.
Nice work.
Way to keep things quiet.
Send a message.
Well...
you achieved it.
You do understand the value of--
What the fuck do you want?
I'm a man short
on my strike team.
Who went down?
Nobody.
I'm inserting a double.
I need a shadow.
A close contact to protect her.
Intervene if she flops.
It's not enough I kill
a foreign national for you.
now you want me to kill
a fucking agent?
Hey. I'm real sorry
there are no more Germans
for you to fight.
no villains with lightning bolts
on their uniforms
to make you feel like a hero
when you kill them.
As I recall.
your brother died in prison.
Your boyfriend killed.
Both drug dealers.
Where'd those drugs come from?
'Cause they're not making
that shit in Berlin.
They're not trucking it
by the metric ton
up the Hudson fucking River.
You spent the last 90 days
on the bow of a ship
killing pirates.
Do you feel good about that?
I bet you racked up
the kills. too. didn't you?
How many fathers did you kill
on this tour. Sergeant?
Wait. it's Sergeant
First Class. right?
'Cause you killed
so many fathers.
you got a fucking promotion.
Hey. fuck you.
Fuck you and your mind-fucking
twisted fucking words.
I said I was out. I'm out.
They point me to a fight.
I fight.
I look them in the eye
and I fucking fight 'em.
Firing on a thermal image
at 600 meters is not
looking them in the eye. Cruz.
You got thousands of operators
to choose from.
No. I don't.
I have a few hundred
Tier One operators in the Army
and a few hundred more
in the Navy.
You got eight SEAL teams
to choose from
and fuck knows
how many Green Berets--
You know what I mean.
In our world there's Blue and
there's Green. and that's it.
You're in one of them.
and you're the only one
who understands what I do.
Boy. am I--
I don't need
your fucking permission.
I can just have you
reassigned to my team.
Then why are you fucking asking?
I don't know
if I can trust this girl.
I hope I can. I need to.
But I know that I can trust you.
Because you put mission
above all else:
conscience. love. everything.
Because the mission is worthy
and executing it saves lives.
Is that what you do?
You a lifesaver now?
How many mosques in Paris
have blown up since Amrohi?
You did that.
You... did that.
And if you didn't know it
somewhere deep down.
you would have discharged
and applied
to some police academy.
Instead you're here.
In a unit.
Because you believe.
What's her cover?
She doesn't have one.
Her father is a money launderer.
best we can tell.
and her uncle runs distribution
for one of the three cartels
that control Mexico
and most of Central America.
She flies birds for 1st Cav.
And we're expecting her
to do the same for the cartels.
She has one lie...
that her discharge was
dishonorable.
And you what?
You expect this woman
to turn in a family member
or eliminate one?
I do.
And I'm expecting you to do it
if she won't.
Right.
She has TS clearance.
Think of all she knows.
All she can fucking give them
if someone doesn't
go there and point her
downrange.
How many people did you kill
for this fucking country. huh?
Afghanistan. In the Gulf.
How many made a difference?
How many altered
the landscape of geopolitics?
I'm giving you
the chance at another.
And if that isn't the reason
why you're an operator.
I don't know
what you're doing here.
I do it for the challenge.
If what you want is a challenge.
go fight in the fucking UFC.
No.
No. you believe.
Even when it breaks you.
you believe.
And I see it
'cause I'm the same.
And it breaks me. too.
And I still do it.
I said I was out. I'm out.
Choose someone else.
That ship has sailed.
I don't have time to teach
anybody how we work.
Besides. I had you
reassigned to my team.
quit or pack your kit.
* plaintive music *
***
There's no such thing
as a moral war. Cruz.
No such thing as fair.
There is survival
and there is surrender.
You can ask
any concertgoer in Israel
the consequences of surrender.
or any eight-year-old in Gaza
for that matter.
If you can find one.
I ain't wearing
any fucking dresses.
I'll pick you up in three hours.
All my kit?
Guns. gear. armor. nods.
the whole fucking deal.
* driving. purposeful music *
***
Camera check. Camera one.
Front foyer. Check camera two.
Camera two sucks.
It's gonna be a bunch of feet.
That is because
five covers this room.
Camera two is just
frontal on the door.
You didn't want to put one
at eye level?
Do you see
this dust Nazi eye-fucking
every little detail
that's out of place?
Fire alarms. vents
and light sockets were
our only options.
Camera three.
Oh. that's lovely.
The tops of everybody's
fucking heads.
Cameras zoom in.
Control-F2.
and then use
the up arrow to zoom.
Surprised you didn't know that.
Thank you. Mac Wizard.
Thank you so much.
How exactly does that
help me see faces?
Look at this.
Look at this shit.
What?
Do you know the packet that got
sent to us the other day?
That was our new PT specs.
you jelly doughnut-eating
-motherfucker!
-Ow! Hey. oh. oh. oh.
What is with
the hostility. Bobbo?
I can handle you telling me
shit I already know.
I really can.
I can even handle
your fucking sprint
towards type 2 diabetes.
I just can't
handle it all
at the same fucking time.
Camera four. please.
Nice. Tex.
You said every room.
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
I thought I was going in today.
They told us to hold up.
I told my father today.
Well. I doubt it's the first
time you've lied to him.
It would be. actually.
Okay. well. give him a call.
Tell him the flight was delayed.
-Text him.
-When do I say I'm getting in?
Wait. no.
don't-don't send a text.
Let me check on this.
Damn.
You sure piled up the kills.
Yeah. well...
I wouldn't bet
that number in Vegas.
-You saying it's off?
-I'm saying. who knows?
I hit a convoy in Peshawar once.
driving old Russian BMPs.
An ODA spotted them.
Thirty trucks moving
two regiments.
Got cleared to engage.
Put 71 Hydras in them
and then strafed 'em
with another 30
till nothing was moving.
Army called it 500 KIAs
in 30 seconds.
But that's army math.
Nobody counted them.
That's just a colonel taking
a big guess in his favor.
Holy shit.
That's some cold-ass shit
right there.
Tell me there's a sexier sound
on the planet
than an Apache
running up your six
while you're pinned
behind a rock
with your dick in your hand.
Fucking pilots. Fucking pilots.
That wasn't my dick.
That was my rifle.
Popping fuckers until
you show up with the AC on high
and Metallica blaring
in the background.
Call sign's Thunder.
Want us to call you Thunder?
You want to call me Thunder?
Okay. That's enough
psyops for me.
Who's hungry?
He's camp chef.
Can't wait to see what gruel
he cooks up.
Nah. he's from New Orleans.
That boy can cook.
So. if you flew Apaches.
you're rated to fly
anything beneath them.
I can fly anything.
-Fixed wing?
-Anything.
You got a fixed wing or a helo
preference for moving cargo?
Airbus CH135 is a pretty
bulletproof helo.
For fixed wing.
can't beat King Air.
Common. easy to find parts.
don't stand out.
See. now you're thinking
like a team player.
I just want to get back
to my unit.
The sooner we get this over
with. the sooner that happens.
Look.
I don't blow smoke.
and we don't do secrets.
Once you leave white side.
there's...
there's no going back.
So you could fly
for Ground Branch.
you could fly for Green or Blue.
but you ain't hitting
any more convoys
in battle.
You're in the gray now.
Come on.
Let's see what's for dinner.
* dramatic music *
***
Hello. Welcome in.
Oh. you got to take it outside.
I know the deal.
Sorry.
I just walked in.
Our new best friend at the DEA
just gave us a snack.
A snack?
Warehouse 30 miles south
of the border.
What does he want?
Wants us to hit it.
We don't even know this guy.
Well. we'll take him with us.
Kyle.
this reeks of setup.
Let me talk to Kaitlyn
about this.
I already checked in.
They said go.
"Partner" doesn't mean
informing me after
you've made a decision.
Create a problem
and then offer a solution.
Wasn't that the plan?
That's the plan.
All right. well.
this is creating that problem.
My team is in Dallas.
I need 'em on the road.
They're with the asset.
Yeah. asset's a pilot.
Need one of those. too.
This doesn't happen without me.
You understand?
Welcome back.
Enjoy.
We're trusting
local law enforcement now?
DEA isn't local law enforcement.
number one.
Number two.
the agent who reached out
spent six years on an SRT team.
He is elite. and he knows
what's being asked
when he climbs
in the ring with us.
Elite? That clown was following
me like a rookie carjacker.
He wanted you to spot him.
Well. everybody else
spotted him.
The car may as well have been
painted paisley.
Joe. this is no different
from Iraq or Afghanistan
or any other war
for that matter.
Every branch wants
their piece of the pie.
They want their medals
and their promotions
and their increase in funding.
That's what they really want.
In this instance.
it's agencies
and not military branches.
And we're gonna have
to grease the wheels.
or they will kick and scream
until the operation itself
is in jeopardy.
Just better to bring 'em in
from the beginning.
Anyone else besides me want to
factor in the results
of this operation:
lives saved. human dignity.
national sovereignty.
any of that shit?
Don't be naive. Joe.
That's me being naive?
The reason we bring you in
for missions of this sort
is specifically because
those are your goals.
DEA's annual budget
is $3 billion dollars. Joe.
FBI is 11.
Department of Homeland Security?
$103 billion dollars.
60.7 billion of which
is discretionary.
Nobody but you
is factoring lives
or dignity or sovereignty
into the equation.
They are factoring
a ten percent budget increase
into their equation.
To believe anything else
is naive
and it's extremely dangerous.
because the moment
you become the reason
they don't need a bigger budget.
the bull's-eye shifts to you.
You throw them bones
everywhere you can.
Just don't let those bones
land anywhere near
your actual mission.
They want to play Special Forces
with some hitters.
get their hands dirty. day one?
Seems like
a pretty good idea to me.
Did you talk to our sergeant?
I did.
She on board?
If you want to call it that.
I want you to call it that.
If anyone needs to be drinking
the same Kool-Aid as you.
it's her.
She's the one thing between us
and a segment on 60 Minutes.
Been there before. hasn't she?
Are you aware of what
they lined up for us tonight?
Yeah.
Just give them
the whole dog and pony show.
He serves warrants.
He's not a soldier.
He's a soldier tonight.
No. he's not.
But he's a witness.
Food for thought.
* slow. solemn music *
***
You said all my gear.
Forget how much shit
you guys always travel with.
All right. let's work
this puzzle out.
* driving. purposeful music *
***
Did you miss me?
This asshole.
Hundred bucks.
he just got a manicure.
You know this guy?
Nope.
But I know her.
What do you make of that?
She's geared up.
Team ready?
Yeah. we're ready.
Don't know what we're ready for.
but we're ready.
How you guys doing?
Good. Just out here
playing Uber.
You don't mind if I get in?
Why not?
-Bobby. give me a second.
-Yeah.
Looks like you've been
running and gunning.
Just go where I'm sent.
They got you in Orange. huh?
-Green.
-No shit?
No shit.
You'll be used
to our old showers. then.
You guys keeping it old-school
out here in the desert?
Something like that.
You know. you can only shoot one
of these guys at a time. right?
Yeah. well. I like options.
Welcome back.
We got thermal images?
There's your overwatch.
- Any images inside?
- No.
What do we expect
to find in there?
Typically. these warehouses
are used as. uh. staging areas.
They load contraband
for land routes. tunnels.
More than likely retrofitted
these vehicles here
for drug compartments
based on the number
of vehicles parked outside.
They bring 'em in.
build out the compartments.
load 'em back up.
and then they ship 'em out.
Juárez. Nuevo Laredo.
wherever they try to cross.
And how much contraband
can we expect to find?
Don't know. We catch 'em
prepping for a large amount
of crossings.
could be substantial.
You don't have
constant surveillance?
So. we share this satellite
with HSI
-and BP.
-Great.
So you don't have a fucking clue
of what's in there.
How old are these images?
Last month.
Oh. Wonderful.
Sorry. Our ATM card has a limit.
You got coordinates
for this fucking warehouse?
Bravo. Victor. Papa.
2-5-5-0-niner to authenticate.
Coordinates to follow.
One-three.
Romeo. Charlie. Romeo.
0-3-0-1-8-3.
Oh. shit.
Looks a lot different
-present-day. don't it?
-What a fucking joke.
Y'all plan ops
around outdated images.
And you wonder why we're losing
the war on drugs.
Ruh-roh.
All right. so air takes us in.
Do we get air support
-while we're in there?
-It's supposed to look
like a rival cartel.
not military.
Well. the rival cartel
looks outnumbered.
That's the problem. Bobby.
What's the solution?
- If I may.
- I... Oh. God. of course.
Could you zoom out
just a little bit?
We infil half of the team here.
We run .300 subsonic.
Take overwatch from the rear.
Can we use a Predator?
Why would we use a Predator?
We make a mess
of this parking lot.
While Bravo Team enters
from the left flank.
Alpha Team moves up.
Bravo Team. explosive breach.
Enter northeast. southwest.
Really fucking easy.
Two teams of five.
We get compromised.
Little Bird comes in hot
-and gets us out.
-Can I just fucking be
the voice of reason here
for just one second?
Here we go.
So. if we're under JSOC.
why don't we just fly
three assault teams out.
make short work of it?
Why the fucking stretch?
You know the deal. Bobby.
They want minimal risk
with maximum reward.
Well. three teams
is minimum risk.
That's not how they see it.
They think the more we commit.
the more potential for failure.
Well. that's because they've
never been in a gunfight. Joe.
One hundred percent.
Can you jam cell signals?
- Can I what?
- Fucking hell.
I'm good with this.
We own the night.
We have eyes. They don't.
You think they don't.
Gear up.
* exciting orchestral music *
Control. this is Tango India
Delta 224. Radio check.
No radio?
Stay below the hard deck.
There's no need for radio.
Okay. so we're just
gonna fucking wing this.
Alpha Team infil.
Bravo Team infil.
Exfil is on the target.
If we call for CAS.
we will mark the target with IR
and talk you in.
-My weapons are hot.
-Your weapons are hot.
Do I have radio contact
with Command?
There is no Command.
I am Command.
This is fucking insane.
We had a 20-minute briefing.
Welcome to the CIA.
Let's go.
* intense. pulsing music *
***
I drop you off. then what?
-Hold above target.
-What altitude?
Twenty-five hundred.
They'll hear me.
We want them to.
***
Three. two. one.
Overwatch site secure.
Moving to target building.
Three. two. one.
What the fuck is that?
Bravo Team.
Breach.
Alpha Team. southeast corner.
Moving.
Three vehicles approaching
from the west.
What type?
Running sirens.
Moving in our direction.
Get eyes on.
Bravo Team in place.
They're in place.
Vehicles approaching
from the west.
Police vehicles. Three.
Fuck. Federal or state?
How would I know that?
-What color?
-It's night.
Are they sedans
or are they trucks?
-Sedans.
-Light 'em up.
You want me to engage?
Are they coming this way?
Roger.
Then light 'em up.
Moving.
We're set here.
Bravo Team.
-execute.
-Clear.
Execute.
What the fuck is this?
***
Dame tu mano. chiquita.
Joe.
What am I looking at?
We got to get
the fuck out of here.
Yeah. no shit.
Joe. call in our exfil.
To confirm. you want me
to engage the vehicles?
Engage. Engage.
Kill 'em all.
And then come back
and get us.
Exfil. 90 seconds. Let's go.
We're fucking leaving?
What do you want to do?
Load 500 kids on the bench
of a Little Bird?
We move.
We move!
* dramatic music *
***
What the fuck was that?
* ominous music *
***